Update migrate-prepare-intune.md (#1156)
MicrosoftDocs/SCCMdocs: sccm/mdm/deploy-use/migrate-prepare-intune.md

- [Assign policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/intune/get-started-policies)  
- [Assign profiles](https://docs.microsoft.com/intune/device-profile-assign)  
    > [!NOTE]  

>     > When Intune deploys the new email profile, users receive a prompt to reenter their password. This will result in emails being re-downloaded on users devices and any custom modifications done by the user will needed to be done again. 

Reviewer: A few editorial comments:

```suggestion
    > When Intune deploys the new email profile, users receive a prompt to reenter their password. This behavior results in emails being redownloaded on users' devices. Any custom modifications done by the user will need to be done again. 
```
